# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User needs can be interpreted by analyzing each one, prioritizing its importance level, and defining those into requirements in the user stories. User stories help to further define user needs because it breaks it down into smaller parts to provide more focus into developing and refining it, and assembling the program into pieces leading to a functioning system.
# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Uing an agile approach is the best way to develop a program because what makes it suitable for this field is that it promotes collaboration. In my future development work, I hope to work closely with my team and the stakeholders to make sure that our goals are aligned and that I can receive constructive feedback that can help to perform furhter progressions on the project. Using the agile approach also helps develop a program in a productive manner because of sprints which allows me to focus on a specific requirement to make further refinements until moving on to the next one. 
# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team member is to be good at communication and establishing collaboration throughout the process. In addition, it is also important to take accountability for your actions because of all your contribution to the project affects the team as a whole. 
